PROJECT:
  The main goal of the website will be to promote downtown Foley, and the Main Street initiative, to both business owners and 
  the general public. Attracting small businesses to the downtown area, such as restaurants, bars and boutiques, will be a top 
  priority for the website. Additionally, a directory of existing business and a calendar of events will be employed to drive 
  visitors to downtown. 

  We recommend using a 3rd party calendar software on the website which would display event information in an attractive and informative way. 
  Event information would be added/edited by the Foley Main Street team.

  The website would also feature a directory of available commercial real estate in the area that is available for lease/purchase. 
  Listing information would need to be provided to High Seas, and quarterly updates would be performed to keep the directory current.

QUESTIONS/LIST: 
  // Categories for info? ie: shopping, dining, business...
  // Official city info?
  // Socials?
  // Board?

TEAM:
  In January 2019, Sherry Sullivan took the position as Foley’s first Main Street Executive Director. 
  In her role, she will work with the community to implement Main Street’s four-step approach for downtown promotion, 
  economic vitality, community connectivity, and create an overall plan for downtown. 
  “I am excited to begin my new role as Foley’s Main Street Director. Foley is a great place and I can’t wait to begin meeting with all 
  the stakeholders and learning the community. I look forward to highlighting the historic downtown and creating a place where people are
  excited to visit and shop.“ Sullivan said.

  Sullivan, a native of Baldwin County, attended Troy State University and spent most of her career working for municipal government. 
  She has extensive experience in project management, working with community organizations and marketing.

  The Main Street office is located in the South Baldwin Chamber of Commerce offices at 112 West Laurel Street in downtown Foley. 
  You may reach the office by calling 251.401.4801 or by email at foleymainstreet@gmail.com.





{/* 
  Just eleven miles north of Alabama’s white sand beaches, Foley’s historic downtown epitomizes old Alabama charm.  
  Historic sites, boutique retailers and unique restaurants line the walkways of this quaint Main Street making visitors 
  feel like they’ve stepped back in time.  



  Among its traditional architecture and old-world style, 
  downtown Foley features restaurants, gift shops, barbershops, antique markets and even a hidden spa for unwinding after a long day of shopping
  Foley captivates visitors and residents alike with its picturesque beauty. 
  The newly remodeled vacant buildings and downtown revitalization add to this area’s appeal, 
  attracting new, diverse businesses and potential downtown housing. 
  Professional offices are sprinkled among the Main Street district,
  popular lunch destination due to its eclectic cuisine options, including Mediterranean, Italian, vegan, and Southern-style restaurants
  Quaint coffee shops and local art shops can also be found in this charming area.

  Brimming with history, downtown Foley is home to two city museums housed in their original, historic buildings, 
  an “old time” soda fountain drugstore that has donned the same corner since 1929. 
  The Holmes Medical Museum is housed in Baldwin County’s first hospital, and showcases extensive displays of medical equipment and patient rooms as 
    they would have been in the 1930s and ’40s. 
  The Foley Railroad Museum includes a model train exhibit, antique train cars, and train rides around the park. 
    It is housed in the Depot, which was built in 1909, and has been the hub of activity in the City for over 60 years. 

  Downtown Foley is also home to the Wilbourne Antique Rose Trail, which follows the route of the Louisville and Nashville Railroad into downtown Foley. 
    You can walk the landscaped trail while enjoying the beauty and fragrance of hundreds of roses displayed in a variety of sizes and color. 

  Located at the heart of Baldwin County’s busiest intersection, with an average of forty-thousand cars per day, Foley has significant commercial appeal, 
    especially with its newly built pedestrian bridge connecting the shops of downtown with the park and city buildings allowing accessibility and walkability  */}